Reducing the cost using Battery Energy Storage System with Fluctuating Electricity Price based on Optimization
---
---
## Repository Overview
```├─src
│  ├─main
│  │  ├─java
│  │  │  ├─DynamicProgramming
│  │  │  ├─Battery
│  │  │  ├─Interface
│  │  │  ├─Model
│  │  │  │  └─Comparison
│  │  │  │  
│  │  │  ├─Rolling
│  │  │  └─RuleBasedHeuristic
│  │  │     └─Prediction
│  │  └─resources
│  │      ├─1000
│  │      ├─10000
│  │      ├─125
│  │      ├─15000
│  │      ├─3000
│  │      ├─500
│  │      └─5000
│  └─test
│      └─java
│      └─resources 
```
# Methods
> ##Key Method 
> BasicDynamicProgramming.java\
> PrunedDynamicProgramming.java\
> ImprovedRollingDP.java\
>  RuleH.java\
> RuleWithPrediction.java
> --- 
> ####Need Additional Library: cplex.jar (from IBM)
>   SimpleRollingMILP.java\
>   MILP.java
> ##Unused Method
> > ImprovedRollingMILP.java\
> >RollingDP.java\
> >RuleHeuristicWithArima.java\
> >RuleWithPredictionAndDegra.java\
> >MILP.mod (implemented in IBM Cplex Studio)
> 
# Data
>The dataset used in the project is a public data-consumption.csv. Moreover, to compare the
> performance of different algorithms on dataset with different size, the data of a certain 
> data in a fixed period of time will be randomly selected and a new data set will be generated.\
> These files are stores in a package named according to the size of the dataset. 
# Result
>##Generation
>> The GenerateResult.java is responsible for running all the selected algorithms and 
> >storing all the evaluation result in the relate file. These result files are named according
> >to the size of the dataset they are running on.
> > 
>> The HyperparameterTest.java file is responsible for comparing the rolling horizon approach
> >with different values of hyperparameter.  
>>  
> >The GenerateSolutionInfo.java is used to find the global optima of the specific dataset
> >based on the result generated by GenerateResult.java, and the CalculateGlobalPercentAndSuccessRate.java
>> file can calculate the percentage of global optimal and success rate based on the above result.
> >
> >The average running time and memory usage are calculated using excel. 
>##Location
> The result files are stored under the root folder.
> 
# External Library
> IBM cplex
> Apache poi
> Opencsv 